oh hi I'm crusher it looks like i'm your
host for the sugarloaf holiday special
you
there's a sleigh full of cheer coming
your way and you can start by playing
Santa at the Sugarloaf ski shop
it's jay
at the sure go ski shop we always have
perfect gifts so I want to get into the
Christmas spirit so I want to get all
suited up and brand new gear so what do
you have for me that's all right let's
do it
do you think I look Christmassy yeah we
are okay thanks to decide you're welcome
she's all ready for Santa hey so you
excited for Christmas I'm very excited
for Christmas why is that because I get
to spend it with my family it's got lots
of money in there what's better than
that exactly so uh what do you want for
christmas are you excited for suna do
you like being sugar low for Christmas
yes you do fantastic so why sugarloaf
this place to be from vs ah because
sugar lips the best place to be no
matter what time of year it is that's
good Jansen well doesn't that look like
some fun well you know what else is fun
family fun events of sugarloaf check
them out
i am marshal white director of children
services here at sugarloaf next week
there's so much going on I had to make a
cheat sheet so I wouldn't forget
something monday the twenty-eighth we
have main hysterical society the man wit
ler will be here two different days of
29th in january second carving up a bear
with his chainsaw that will raffle off
the kids who are present New Year's Eve
has become a big event around here for
families we have a family party from 732
930 followed by the fireworks of course
after the fireworks will roll into a
party for the teenagers back in the king
pine month until 12 15 woman that sounds
fantastic oh excuse me you caught me
having some special holiday cheer
speaking a holiday cheer once you put
the kiddies to bed you head over to the
Widowmaker for some extra special
holiday Sparkle
the holidays entertainment
nice to be home is the place to be right
here best for you on the mouth okay to
drink there's sugar looks very own brown
comforter like strong drink but a tasty
drink is kind of like dessert I think
Ashley Obama show you which means
the side
stop to keep
dude it's time to start drinking but
just for professional purposes totally
passion fruit well dad's a bunch of
people let the people how it it it's so
good what are you doing in there soldier
just a little brown comforter right here
is that thing to get it Widowmaker this
is the drink of the Widowmaker it is
nice to strap yourself in this little
cumin brown comforter it's like I don't
chocolate milk it's really good really
really good so that's it Christmas we
can't wriggle off come on out or don't
sup you